# CG-EXAM

## Scrolling Texture
The ghosts have a scrolling black and white checker texture. This makes the ghosts easily visible wherever they are on the board, as the colours are striking and the movement is the only movement that occurs besides pacman moving through space (and the ghosts, if the game was finished). On top of that, the texture being a simple black and white checker pattern pays homage to the "glitch/error" type of horror that people my age grew up with, so it can make the game feel more tense.

The shader works as follows: a texture and two speeds are supplied in the inspector; each speed controls a different axis of scrolling speed. In the fragment shader, the texture is sampled using a uv that has been summed with the scrolling speed variables, then multiplied by _Time.y so that it scrolls over time. That sampled colour is then returned which sets the pixel to that colour.

## Holograms
The ghosts have a hologram shader applied to them when the player picks up a big coin and they become vulnerable. This makes them look as though they're "hiding", because the inside of them is invisible, which makes the player feel increased tension and makes them have to pay attention for where the ghosts are moving to before they become invulnerable again. To do this, a script checks if the player collides with a big coin. If they do, then the ghosts' materials are swapped out for the scrolling checker shader material for a set duration, then switched back after.

The shader works as follows: a texture is declared in the properties of the shader that defaults to "black", but not supplied with any shader, so it remains black. Fresnel colour (which will be the hologram colour), rim intensity (brightness of the hologram), fresnel power (concentration of the colour around the edges) and transparency are declared in the properties as well. "Blend SrcAlpha OneMinusSrcAlpha" is at the top of the subshader section to allow for transparency. In the fragment shader, the saturated dot product of the view direction and normal is gotten which is the angle difference between them, that result is then inverted by doing 1-result, which ensures that the edges will be lit up, not the center. The power of that result and the fresnel power is gotten which allows the concentration of the light at the edges to be controlled. That result is multiplied with the colour of the fresnel from the properties, as well as the rim intensity. That result is added to the colour of the texture (which is black in this case), and that final colour is returned, along with the transparency for the alpha channel supplied by the properties.
